So I have been thinking about our discussion earlier
and I must the thankful for your honest yet kind
words earlier today. I have been full of regret for
how poorly I have performed and won't waste your time
any further.

I find things in management fast paced and I find myself
stretched, always trying to catch up with activities 
going on in the project. I am confident in my ability
to learn and adapt but I have found management a little
too much. 
Listening to you on every call with Duuno reminds me
of my debt of knowledge. I am honoured by the 
confidence you expressed and the bet y'all took on me.
I find that everytime I try to do well, I fall short
even more. It leaves the taste in the mouth of I "suck"
at management. Organizationally, I know I have to do 
better and it is not just about switching roles 
within gitstart.

But when I was a developer, I felt like I was dosed
the right amount of complexity to not feel like I am
drowning. Initially when I joined, nerves got the best
of me. I was either too eager to please that I would
skip obvious things or I would just plainly freeze and
so this was my challenge initially. I was scared of 
loosing out and not being good enough. 

As for being a manager, Its like I always feel
sort of lost drowning under the currents of that role.
I didn't feel like that as a developer. I might have
been inaundated by nerves or just plain fear but not
any mmore.

When we first spoke before I joined, I said I am a 
C# developer. In wisdom you advised me to look at
typescript, which I tried to learn but most of our
other tools I am not so confident in; graphql, react,
retool to mention a few. Some tech I learned (typeorm
for example).
I can promise gitstart that I will be giving 100%
everytime but I don't know what to do with or about
the feeling of being submerged in a deluge when in the 
managers' role.
I am making changes that should hopefully help me
improve I hope but I really think I might not be 
suited to being a manager. I hope that I would be
given the opportunity to excel and grow as a 
developer.

Some of the changes include: Working away from the house,
deddicate minimum ~7 hours away from the house,
just getting more organized about work.


I am willing to grow within gitstart only I am not
sure I am as a manager.
